I've always wanted a luxury bag and have tried to treat myself for my milestone achievements, but I never follow through.
Usually it's because I feel anxious about making a choice – my pocket and mental frugality doesn't allow me to have lots of luxury bags, so I worry about making the right decision.

There's also so many designs I like and I end up overthinking myself out of a choice!

If only I had got myself my dream Chanel years ago when prices weren't as terrifying!

Does anyone ever have serious regrets after buying a new bag? I own four luxury bags and I love them all so much. I can afford on average one a year. However, I feel buyer's remorse that I either didn't research each purchase enough, should've bought something different, etc. Two of my bags were decided upon in store. I had originally gone in looking to purchase one thing, but with the help of the SA (and my MIL) I ended up with something completely different. My other two were contemplated for months, and I STILL feel like I made the wrong decision! The thing is, I know I would feel the exact same way if I had purchased my other choices or even if I hadn't bought these bags at all! Does anyone else ever feel this way?

I thought over my purchase for over a year, and changed my mind a few months before buying that I would get the LV Pochette Metis (noir), my other option was YSL Kate. I've now owned my Pochette for about a year, and have worn it maybe a dozen times. I can't imagine selling it, but I don't know that it really fits my lifestyle, I don't consider it a day-to-day bag (too small, too expensive!), but I don't feel it is dressy enough for nights out.

I feel really guilty for even remotely regretting my purchase. Anyone in the same boat?

Once upon a time, I was not someone who chased after luxury goods. Rationally, why spend hundreds or thousands on a bag to put barely anything much? It wasn't not too long ago where I will think twice thrice and more times before I get a simple Michael Kors bag costing over $200-$300.

Case in point, I do not come from a wealthy family and never had any of such 'loud' friends or family members splurging on the atas side of life. It was only until I met my bf and was introduced to his family who own such luxury goods that I felt a little inferior. And that's where things go spiralling down. Since I could afford it & eat grass after, why not just buy something?

Moral of story: do not be socially pressured to buy luxury goods to fit with someone or the environment.

Accidentally went a little overboard with new purchases this week.

Have you ever... bought a cup of Starbucks, then quickly switched it into another cup, just to avoid carrying the big logo around? Afraid that people might think you're 'showing off' or wonder why you'd spend on something expensive? The truth is, you weren't trying to impress anyone at all. You just wanted the taste that makes your morning a little brighter.

Psychologists call this Luxury Guilt, the uneasy feeling that comes with consuming something considered 'luxurious.' It's not that the product itself is wrong, but that our mind worries too much about how others might see us. So we find ways to 'hide our little happiness' inside an ordinary cup.

Has anyone else felt that strange bittersweet feeling after making their first 'big girl' purchase?

I've always been a Taobao girlie - my bags and clothes are usually on the budget-friendly side.

But after receiving my first big bonus payout after the pandemic, I thought to myself: I deserve ONE timeless luxury piece .
So, I went for it.

I bought my very first luxury bag - the iconic Lady Dior, right from the Dior boutique at Champs-Élysées in Paris FR.

Yes, it was cheaper than buying in Singapore, but my heart still raced when I saw that nearly $8K bill .

I feel the fear of a terrible what-if scenario where I have a financial emergency and regret ever buying this Rolex. It's a subtle voice telling me I'm being financially irresponsible. It's a mix of anxiety and guilt.

I bought a new guitar, and before I brought it home, I was so excited. Afterward, I just felt wracked with shame. I don't feel like I'm worth spending money on, especially a single purchase that's over $100.

I'm still losing sleep over my purchase and thinking I should have spent the money on something else, something that wasn't so selfish. I feel intensely guilty ordering luxury takeout now.

It takes me forever to make a decision because I have to pick the 'right' thing, and even after I do, I'm filled with doubt and shame. Any purchase over a certain amount is guilt-inducing, even necessities like groceries.

I thought about my LV Pochette for over a year. I've owned it for a year now and regret the money spent because I barely wear it. I feel really guilty for even remotely regretting my purchase.

I get immense buyer's remorse over every luxury watch purchase I've ever made. I think about the opportunity cost: Shouldn't I have used this money for investments or travel instead?

My first month owning my house was the deepest regret I've ever had. I spent an entire week staring at the wall, thinking about the $40k worth of unexpected work needed. It's grief at the situation.

I bought my first home 9 months ago and have extreme regret daily. My commute is longer, and I feel isolated. I feel like I'm trapped and this sadness eats at me every day.

I keep these luxury clothes for a special occasion, but that special occasion never comes. I feel shy wearing this gold necklace with diamonds because it is not in my character to wear luxurious jewelry.

My friend confesses to feeling guilty about the insanity of buying designer clothes—and like a bit of an imposter to boot. "I do not have the wallet of someone who can buy whatever luxury they want."

I avoid eye contact while stammering about quality and reasonable price when asked about my designer bag. The guilt and looming threat of social criticism are like whispers.

It's much easier and less stressful to have a normal wardrobe and not worry about finding the last unique designer item on the internet. The worry of something happening to them is stressful.

Social media has changed my view on what's 'normal' to buy. I feel like I only buy these high-end products to feel like a high-end person. I'm hiding low self-esteem under a false veneer of 'cool.'

I saw someone post their bag purchase online and immediately saw nasty comments about how silly they are because 'true wealthy people don't buy logos.' I never saw so much hate for luxury before.

I don't want to place a target on my back to be robbed or killed. I prefer quiet luxury; I enjoy treating myself but don't want it to be in people's faces.

The moment I bought my Rolex, the initial excitement vanished. I felt a mild guilty panic. I look at it and think: why put money into the pockets of the richest men on earth for something that cost $50 to make and costs $5000?

I make a great salary, but I feel too guilty buying nice clothing/bags. It feels like our salaries should only go towards survival and investments. At what point do people get over this feeling?

I used to think luxury was for the rich, and not for me. Now, buying something nice for myself feels like an unforgivable sin because I should be giving the money to someone else.

I can afford it, but every time I put a luxury item on my wrist, I can't justify the $7K+ price. It's the tension between buying a thing to impress others and buying a thing only for yourself.

I used to have huge anxiety around spending money on myself. I feel selfish and terrible, like I wasted my money. I'm trying to learn that I don't need permission to feel okay about my decisions.

I have a huge anxiety around spending money, especially if it's on something non-essential for myself. I always felt like I didn't deserve them.

I saw a post saying they 'regret every purchase.' I know the feeling. It's annoying to overthink every item, stressing over whether you'll regret making a mistake.

felt very guilty bying louis vuitton

i regret spending lakhs on an iphone

i feel extremely guilty buying gucci
holy gawd victoria secret is expensive
i really like chanel bags its worth the money
happy about the purchase,but color is not good
i am regretting this ourchase